improve docs (#355)
Ripple-TS/ripple: website/docs/guide/styling.md

<div class={['foo', {bar: @count > 2}, @count > 3 && 'bat']}></div>
// becomes: class="foo bar"
```

## Global Styles

Currently, there is no way to opt out of scoped styles other than placing your

> styles in a style tag within index.html's head, or importing the CSS with Vite.

Reviewer: we should just say that the support for `:global` is coming soon, otherwise it sounds too drastic.

::: info
When passing an object to the `style` attribute, you can use either camelCase or kebab-case for CSS property names.
:::
## Global Styles

> Currently, there is no way to opt out of scoped styles (though the team is
> working on it!) other than placing your styles in a style tag within index.html's
> head, or importing the CSS with Vite.

Reviewer: still sounds kind of harsh, let's do the following:

```suggestion
At the moment, marking styles as global with `:global` inside components isn’t
supported yet (though the team is working on adding it!). For now, you can place
your styles in a `<style>` tag inside `index.html`’s `<head>`, or import your CSS
with Vite as a workaround.
```
